CEXT-6031: Added info about new filters in the App Management UI (#537)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-management/index.md

![App Management view](../_images/app-management/app-management-view.png)

> The **App Management** view lists applications for your Adobe IMS organization as cards, with filters above the list. **Acquire App** opens a new browser tab to [Adobe Exchange](https://exchange.adobe.com/experiencecloud) so you can browse Commerce-related marketplace listings. App developers define the configuration schema, metadata, and runtime actions for their applications. App managers associate and configure deployed apps within their Commerce instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **App Management** view lists applications for your Adobe Commerce instance as cards, with filters above the list. **Acquire App** opens a new browser tab to [Adobe Exchange](https://exchange.adobe.com/experiencecloud) so you can browse Commerce-related marketplace listings. App developers define the configuration schema, metadata, and runtime actions for their applications. App managers associate and configure deployed apps within their Commerce instances.
```
